# Network Tracking using Wireshark and Google Maps

This repository contains the Python code for the project "Network Tracking using Wireshark and Google Maps". It's designed to analyze network traffic captured by Wireshark, extract IP address information, map these to geographical locations using the GeoIP database, and visualize them on Google Maps. 

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before running this project, you'll need to have Python installed on your system, as well as the following Python modules:
- dpkt
- socket
- pygeoip

Additionally, you'll need to have Wireshark installed to capture network packets and generate `.pcap` files.

### Installation

Clone this repository to your local machine using:
   git clone https://github.com/Areeba-Fayyaz/Network-Tracking-using-Wireshark-and-Google-Maps.git

## Usage

To utilize this tool, please follow the steps outlined below:

1. **Capture Network Traffic:**
   - Use Wireshark to capture the network traffic on your network.
   - Save the captured traffic in the `.pcap` format.

2. **Prepare the Capture File:**
   - Place the `.pcap` file into the root directory of the cloned project.

3. **Configure the Script:**
   - Open the `main.py` file in a text editor.
   - Locate the line where the `.pcap` file is specified and change the filename to match the name of your saved `.pcap` file.
   - Replace 'x.x.x.x' with your actual public IP address. This step is crucial for the script to accurately translate the network addresses to geographical locations.

4. **Run the Script:**
   - Execute the main.py file:
     This will process the `.pcap` file and generate an XML string formatted with KML (Keyhole Markup Language) tags.

5. **Generate KML File:**
   - Copy the KML output generated by the script.
   - Open a text editor such as Notepad, paste the copied KML data, and save the file with a `.kml` extension.

6. **Visualize on Google Maps:**
   - Visit [Google My Maps](https://www.google.com/mymaps).
   - Create a new map and import the `.kml` file you saved earlier.
   - Google My Maps will process the `.kml` file and display the network traffic routes on the map, providing a visual representation of the network traffic captured by Wireshark.

By following these steps, you should be able to visually track and analyze your network traffic using the capabilities of Google Maps.

